---
layout: post
title: 30 minutes
excerpt: 30 minutes of steady state, broken down into minute-chunk thought processes that overwhelm my mind. SS usually shouldn’t/isn’t this rough, but it was especially hard today mentally for whatever reason.
---
30 minutes of steady state, broken down into minute-chunk thought processes that overwhelm my mind. SS usually shouldn’t/isn’t this rough, but it was especially hard today mentally for whatever reason.

## Breakdowns

1: you start too fast. settle down, man, you can’t keep this split.

2: ok, you’re settling too much. keep your goal pace

4: one minute to 5!

5: you’re a sixth of the way there… doing good. keep it up

7: you’re one fifth of the way there.

8: two minutes to 10!

9: one minute to 10!

10: a third of the way. doing really good, five minutes until halfway. keep that goal split, I don’t want to see it drop. keep it. KEEP it. KEEP IT.

12: *sings along to Ed Sheeran*

13: two minutes to halfway!

14: one minute to halfway!

14:30: c’mon, ten more strokes.

15: halfway.

at this point, my optimistic, pushing side says: *you’re below your goal pace. let’s keep it that way.*

my slacking, lazy side: you’re below your goal pace. you have some space to slow down. how about we keep it at goal pace+3, since we’re 3 under?

(my lazy side usually wins, fyi. talk about not pushing myself)

16: I want to throw up

17: maybe I should do a 20 minute piece

18: maybe I should

19: I should

20: I should stop.

20:01: alright, we’re past the 20 minute mark. let’s bring this up to a 30; I KNOW you love doing a 2×30’ more than doing a 3×20’. Imagine doing three of these, instead of two! you literally do not have the mentality today to do three pieces.

21: I should’ve stopped at 20. I want to throw up

22: 8 more minutes. keep pushing. your splits are moving up; keep it down.

23: two minutes to 25!

24: one minute to 25!

25: maybe I should stop here and do a 2×25’

25:01: I should’ve stopped

26: here we go, four more. that’s less than a hundred strokes. ignore the pain. you’re so close, if you give up now you are a disappointment to humanity

27: KEEP YOUR SPLIT

28: TWO MORE MINUTES, PUSH

28.5: I really should’ve stopped earlier

29: ONE MORE, IGNORE THE PAIN. THERE IS NO PAIN. IT’S ALL IN YOUR HEAD. IT’S ALL IN YOUR HEAD

29:30: it’s not in my head

30:

Then I ended up not doing the second 30’ piece because I did have severe knee pain for the last 10 minutes. ~~Didn’t want to risk it~~ I love any kind of injury excuse that gets me to DNF